(Yuya)
Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Shay)
So Grace and Gloria
Tyler are back,
and I'm guessing
it's not because
you're sorry
for trashing my city.
Look, Grace.
The Resistance really
are like cockroaches.
Just when you think
you got rid of 'em all,
a couple more
scurry out of hiding.
The only scurrying
that's gonna happen
is you two
scurrying back home.
Let's duel!
Sit back...
and look up!
'Cause our two dragons are about
to blast off and attack!
Three...
two...
one...
blastoff!
(laughs)
How cool!
And we take no damage.
True, but what's a rocket show
without a rocking finale?
Miracle Rocket Show deals you
all the damage
you would've taken!
A whopping 10,225 points!
No way!
Amazing!
I hope you all
enjoyed the show.
Gotta say I think I did
the Sakaki name proud
on this one.
I won't let you
escape again, Yuya!
Assemble the team!
I can't believe you lost!
What did I pay you for?!
Well, I didn't pay you,
but you get the idea!
Go after the Lancers again
and beat them
this time!
No. They had
their chance.
It's our turn.
Because we always
get the job done right.
(whimpers)
It's the Obelisk Force!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Yuya)
Alan and Saya,
you did a great job
standing up
to those Tyler twins.
When we get back to HQ,
you deserve two servings
of cabbage.
Yeah, well,
thanks for stepping in
to help me and all, Yuya,
but it'’’s not like I really
needed your help or anything.
Get off your high horse.
We're all in this together
and we have to have
each other'’’s backs...
And that includes Yuya'’’s.
Uh...
I don't know. Maybe.
Alan...
Fine.
(gasps)
Thanks, Shay.
♪♪♪
All right, friends forever.
(laughs)
♪♪♪
(Obelisk Force A)
Aw, what a touching moment.
(all gasp)
(Obelisk Force B)
You guys look
like you'’’re all so close.
(Obelisk Force C)
And guess what?
You'’’re about to get
even closer.
Yeah, when we turn you into
cards and add you to our decks!
(Alan)
You don'’’t know
who you'’’re messing with.
I'’’ll take you goons on
all by myself.
Easy does it there, Alan.
You stay back.
Gong'’’s all geared up
to go!
I'’’m down!
Gong, Sylvio...
You'’’re sitting this one out.
You'’’re not 100%.
(A)
So it'’’s just you two, then?
(Shay)
Against you guys,
that'’’s more than enough.
Ha, we'’’ll just see.
Talking tough
is one thing...
Dueling tough is
something very different.
So you called in Obelisk Force
to take this crew down as well?
Guess Noro over there
didn'’’t, like, trust us
to get the job done.
Look, it wasn'’’t me
that called them!
My best guess
is that the Professor himself
ordered them to be
on standby.
You know, as a backup plan
in case you two failed...
which you did!
You always say one sentence
too much, don'’’t you?
Still, it was
a fun duel.
Fun duel?
You think it'’’s fun
to lose?
Chillax,
I'’’m just saying...
That Yuya kid knows
how to put on
a pretty good show.
Question is...
Can he keep it up now?
Or is he simply gonna
turn out to be
one of those pathetic
one‐hit wonders?
(Shay)
This duel will be tough...
so we don't have the luxury
of you playing around
with your dueltaining.
Listen, Shay, just
because I'm dueltaining
doesn'’’t mean
I'’’m messing around.
Then what are we waiting for?
Let'’’s give these Obelisks
a pounding.
(computer voice)
Generating Action Field‐‐
Crossover.
Action Cards dispersed.
(all) Let'’’s duel!
I'’’ll start things off.
First I activate the spell card
Polymerization...
And with it, I'’’ll fuse my two
Ancient Gear Hunting Hounds!
Now check it,
as these two mongrels
mix into a crazed canine!
I Fusion Summon!
Double Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
With that, I end my turn.
It'’’s my move!
And to start things off I summon
Raidraptor ‐ Vanishing Lanius!
And unfortunately for you,
when this card
is successfully summoned,
I can take another
Vanishing Lanius from my hand
and put it in play.
But I'’’m not done.
Because since I successfully
summoned a second Lanius,
I'’’m now allowed
to summon a third!
And now I'’’ll overlay
my three Vanishing Laniuses...
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
Hah!
Take flight,
Raidraptor Rise Falcon!
(roaring)
Excellent!
I activate Double Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound'’’s ability!
And it really bites for you,
because once per turn,
I can attach a Gear Counter
to your monster.
You think that tiny gear
is gonna gum up my strategy?
Well, you thought wrong!
I activate Rise Falcon'’’s
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it gains your Hunting Hound'’’s
attack points!
Now go!
Take out that Hunting Hound!
Maybe you shoulda been more
worried about that gear,
because it automatically
destroys your monster.
In that case, I activate
Rank‐Up‐Magic Raptor'’’s Force!
It lets my Rise Falcon
rise up once again!
And I use it
to Xyz Summon a Raid Raptor
that'’’s one Rank higher.
Go Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Take to the skies,
Raidraptor ‐ Blaze Falcon!
Your pooch might've stopped
my first attack,
but can it stop a second?
Oh, wait, it can'’’t because Blaze
Falcon can attack you directly!
Aah...!
And one more thing.
When you take damage,
Blaze Falcon
automatically destroys
that mangy mutt you call
a monster. Fire!
Now I'’’ll place one card
face down and end my turn.
What a play!
Shay just schooled that Obelisk
hardcore.
Yeah. These guys
aren't so tough.
If I was out there,
this duel would be over by now!
On average Obelisk Force takes
five minutes 22 seconds to win,
but it'’’s already been
five minutes 23 seconds!
It'’’s clear that only we are
strong enough to defeat them.
Come on, Glo.
We already, like,
lost to them.
Give '’’em,
like, a chance.
You don'’’t seriously mean that,
do you?
I'’’m, like, for reals.
(thinking)
'Cause why would I wanna
duel again
when I've got
the best seat in the house
to watch Yuya dueltain?
My turn now!
And I'm bringing the bite
straight to you
with the help of this!
Thanks to Polymerization,
I can fuse my
Ancient Gear Hunting Hounds.
Your dog days will never be over
with Triple Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound on your tail.
And now to add to my pack,
I activate
Ancient Gear Double Imitation.
So if I negate
their special abilities,
I can bring back two
Ancient Gear Hunting Hounds
from the graveyard.
So coming back
to hunt you down...
...are Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound
and Double Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound.
And we're setting
our pack of pooches loose
on Goggles over there.
That'’’s not fair!
He's attacking Yuya
before he'’’s even
had a turn yet!
He'’’s gonna lose!
4200 attack points
are gonna blast him
into next week!
The poor guy never even had
a chance to put up a defense!
Ancient Gear Hunting Hound,
attack! Go!
Whoa!
(all gasp)
No! Yuya!
Phew! That was close!
Nice one!
(all gasping)
Thanks, but I can't take
all the credit
for dodging that blast.
Most of it goes
to the Action Card Big Escape.
Amazing!
Yup! That's exactly
what I would have done,
but with more style
and grace.
Wow, this is, like,
even better than I
thought it would be.
So why don'’’t you join
his fan club?
Aah... on, no,
time keeps on ticking,
but it's Yuya and Shay who are
doling out the licking!
Guess I have to end my turn.
Great!
Now I'’’m up!
Yuya...
You had me sweating there
for a while...
But deep down, I knew
you would figure out a way
to keep the show going on.
Huh?
And I knew your dueltaining
would put a smile on my face.
Well, that's my goal,
to try and make the whole world
smile, even them.
First I'll set
the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 1 Stargazer Magician
and Scale 8 Timegazer Magician.
I'’’m taking control of this duel,
starting now!
I can summon monsters
from Level 2 through Level 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Get to giddying,
Performapal Friendonkey!
Scratch your way to victory,
Silver Claw!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Here we go...!
It'’’s showtime!
O.M.G.‐‐ I've been
waiting for this.
Okay, then.
It'’’s time to send your Hound
back to the pound.
All right,
Performapal Silver Claw...
attack and strike down Triple
Ancient Gear Hunting Hound.
And Silver Claw's
special ability
gives all my Performapals
300 extra attack points.
It'’’s Performapal
Friendonkey'’’s turn.
So saddle up, pal...
And take it
to that Hunting Hound!
(groaning)
And now the moment
you'’’ve all been waiting for.
It'’’s time for the star
of our show to shine.
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon,
attack Double Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
And while you'’’re at it...
let'’’s double their trouble.
Since Double Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound
is a Level 5 monster,
you take double the damage.
Aah...!
Bravo!
Toasted!
♪♪♪
He'’’s got '’’em
on the ropes.
Wow...
And with that,
I end my turn.
What?
Like, is that it?
That'’’s what he calls
dueltainment?
I'’’ll tell you
what I call it.
I call it a pathetic
waste of a turn.
So you were able
to take down
three of our monsters.
You could'’’ve done
so much more.
So much more?
Yeah, if all three
of your monsters
attacked me instead
of my pals' monsters,
you could've
eliminated me,
and you'’’d have one less
opponent to deal with.
Oh, yeah,
I guess you'’’re right.
But where'’’s the fun
in that?
Because it's not
dueltaining
unless I make my opponents
enjoy the duel too.
Enjoy the duel?
Come on,
are you telling me
that you'’’re not having
a good time?
That you'’’re not having
just a little bit of fun?
We'’’re not here
to have fun, understand?
We'’’re here to
take you Lancers down!
Then take them down already!
We'’’re three minutes and
13 seconds behind schedule!
This is no time to dillydally!
So, what do you got for me?
A whole lot of pain.
You're gonna regret
not finishing me off
when you had the chance,
because here I go!
I summon
Ancient Gear Hunting Hound!
And whenever you have a monster
out on your field,
my Hunting Hound is able to deal
you 600 points of damage!
Light up their life points!
Hold it right there!
I play the trap
Raidraptor ‐ Silent Roar!
And since I have a Raidraptor
on my field...
The damage from your Hound
is reduced to zero!
I owe ya one, Shay!
(chuckles)
No matter,
I'll just play this:
The spell card
Ancient Gear Scrap Fusion!
This lets me fuse together
any Ancient Gear monsters
that three of us have
in our graveyards!
And the monsters I select...
Are the Triple Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound
that's in my graveyard...
And the Ancient Gear Hunting
Hound in my graveyard!
(B)
Say hello
to the leader of the pack...
Ultimate Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
(roaring)
And this isn'’’t the end of it.
I play Ancient Gear
Double Imitation!
So Double Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound
is coming back
from my graveyard.
As is my Triple Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
Welcome back to the pack!
And now we have
everything we need
to bring out
our greatest monster
to take you down!
We can fuse all our
Hunting Hounds together
without Polymerization
to summon a monster that will
crush all in its path!
Stand in awe
of the ground‐shaking
Chaos Ancient Gear Giant!
♪♪♪
Gong scared!
Hold Gong!
(thinking)
It'’’s that monster...
Oh, no!
(both gasp)
Ohh...!
Saya, no!
What?
Shay!
Oh, no! Shay!
Are you okay?
(chuckling)
Shay!
♪♪♪
Phew!
You'’’re okay!
Saya... you're safe.
Thanks.
(Shay groaning)
(Yuya and Yuto)
Shay!
Shay! Shay!
Oh...
(groaning)
He'’’s hurt bad!
Hold it!
Huh?
You should worry more about
yourself than your friend.
Chaos Ancient Gear Giant,
annihilate
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Aah...!
Oh, did you think
that was it?
Well, you'’’re wrong!
Chaos Ancient Gear Giant
can attack all your monsters
in a single turn!
Next on its hit list,
Performapal Silver Claw!
I send Performapal
Inflater Tapir to the graveyard!
By doing so, it creates
a barrier to protect us!
(all gasp)
That changes nothing.
Since you only have
2,000 life points left,
when Chaos Ancient Gear Giant
destroys your Friendonkey,
you'’’ll run
out of life points!
And you will have lost!
Chaos Giant,
crush Friendonkey!
Attack...!
Thanks for that.
I play Quick Guard!
It switches Friendonkey
to defense mode.
So Yuya doesn'’’t take
any damage.
(Computer voice)
Intrusion penalty.
2,000 life points.
No way! Kite?
So that'’’s the Kite
I heard so much about.
He'’’s teaming up
with the Lancers?
Kite, huh?
You'’’ll make a great prize
for the Professor.
Sorry, but you'’’ll be
leaving... emptyhanded!
I summon Cipher Wing!
You'’’re actually
gonna help me?
You got a problem
with that?
Just go see if Shay'’’s okay.
Now when Cipher Wing
is out on my field,
I can summon two more
Cipher Wings from my hand!
I tribute
one of these Cipher Wings
so the levels of the other two
rise to Level 8!
Next, I'll Overlay
my two Level 8 Cipher Wings
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
Now, by way
of the cosmic energies
that make up our galaxy,
I'’’ll make
something just as mighty.
I Xyz Summon!
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
And now I'll use
one of Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon's Overlay Units
to activate its special ability!
Go, Cipher Subjection!
(roaring)
I gain control
of Chaos Ancient Gear Giant
and transform it into another
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(C)
No! Chaos Giant!
(Kite)
Next I play two spells.
The first one
is Cipher Interference,
the other Cipher Diffusion.
With Cipher Diffusion,
by lowering my Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon's attack points
from 3,000 to zero,
my other Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon
is allowed to attack
three times.
So as this one dragon
powers all the way down,
the other can attack
each and every one
of you.
Yeah? Even
with three attacks,
it won't be
enough to win!
I have enough
life points to survive!
Ah, but that'’’s what
Cipher Interference is for.
When I have two Cipher
monsters on the field
with the exact same name,
I can then double one of their
attack points during battle.
What?! That can't be!
But it is,
so you'’’re all through!
(all gasp)
Now, Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon,
finish them off!
Show Obelisk Force
what true force looks like!
Go, Cipher Stream
of Destruction!
(all screaming)
(Obelisk Force groaning)
(groaning)
No... please...
Don'’’t turn me into a card.
(Noro)
Great! Now I'm
really behind schedule!
Aah!
I guess that he'’’s the strong
but silent type.
(Grace)
Yuya sure did put on show,
but this guy came along
and pretty much stole it.
Huh?
My... what's going on here?
(Aster Phoenix)
The time for fun and games
is over!
Now, Yuya Sakaki...
You and I have a date
with destiny!